MongoDB tutorial code examples (#180)
realpython/materials: python-mongodb/README.md

# Description

> The files in this folder provides the code for the examples discussed on: [How to Use Python to Interface With MongoDB: The Basics](https://realpython.com/blog/python/introduction-to-mongodb-and-python/) for more info.

Reviewer: ⚠️ **Typo**

```suggestion
The files in this folder provide code examples discussed in [How to Use Python to Interface With MongoDB: The Basics](https://realpython.com/blog/python/introduction-to-mongodb-and-python/).
```

Reviewer: @lpozo Please also remember to update this README file. Thanks!
